[tune] Introduce `durable()` wrapper to convert trainables into durable trainables (#14306)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/tune/_tutorials/_faq.rst

function to retrieve the logdir. If you really have to, you can also ``ray.put()`` an object to the Ray
object store and retrieve it with ``ray.get()`` on the other side. Generally, your result dictionary
should only contain primitive types, like numbers or strings.

**You are training a large number of trials on a cluster, or you are saving huge checkpoints**

Checkpoints and logs are synced between nodes
- usually at least to the driver on the head node, but sometimes between worker nodes if needed (e.g. when
using :ref:`Population Based Training <tune-scheduler-pbt>`). If these checkpoints are very large (e.g. for
NLP models), or if you are training a large number of trials, this syncing can take a long time.

If nothing else is specified, syncing happens via SSH, which can lead to network overhead as connections are
not kept open by Ray Tune.

**Solution**: There are multiple solutions, depending on your needs:

1. You can disable syncing to the driver in the :class:`tune.SyncConfig <ray.tune.SyncConfig>`. In this case,
   logs and checkpoints will not be synced to the driver, so if you need to access them later, you will have to
   transfer them where you need them manually.

> 2. You can use the :ref:`DurableTrainable <tune-durable-trainable>` to save logs and checkpoints to the cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. You can use the :ref:`ray.tune.durable <tune-durable-trainable>` wrapper to save logs and checkpoints to a specified `upload_dir`.
```
